README.md, before:

[![GPL-3.0 License][license-shield]][license-url] [![Docker Pulls][docker-shield]][docker-url] 

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server">
    <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">CrewLink Server</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Voice Relay server for <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink">CrewLink</a>.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
* [Docker Quickstart](#docker-quickstart)
  * [Building the Docker Image](#building-the-docker-image)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This is the relay server for CrewLink, an Among Us proximity voice chat program. I am currently hosting a server at `https://crewl.ink/`, but if you want a more reliable option I would suggest to deploy this repository yourself.

## Environment Variables

Optional environment variables:

 - `ADDRESS`: Specifies the server domain
 - `NAME`: Specifies the server name
 - `HTTPS`: Enables https. You must place `privkey.pem` and `fullchain.pem` in your CWD.
 - `SSLPATH`: Specifies an alternate path to SSL certificates.

## Deploy to Heroku

To get up and running quickly, you can deploy to Heroku using the button below

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

This will deploy an instance of the crewlink-server. You can get the URL of your server by using the app name that you gave when you launched the app on heroku and appending `.herokuapp.com`. You can also find the URL of your server by going to "Settings", scrolling down to "Domains", and removing the `https://` and trailing slash from the url. Using this URL, follow step 4 of the [installation instructions](https://github.com/ottomated/CrewLink-server#manual-installation) to connect your client to your server instance.

## Docker Quickstart

Run the server with [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) by running the following command:

```
docker run -d -p 9736:9736 ottomated/crewlink-server:latest
```

To change the external port the server uses, change the *first* instance of the port. For example, to use port 8123:

```
docker run -d -p 8123:9736 ottomated/crewlink-server:latest
```

### Building the Docker Image

To build your own Docker image, do the following:

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server.git
cd crewlink-server
```

2. Run the Docker build command:
```sh
docker build -t ottomated/crewlink-server:build .
```

## Manual Installation

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* yarn
```sh
npm install yarn -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server.git
cd crewlink-server
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
yarn install
```
3. Compile and run the project
```JS
yarn start
```
4. Copy your server's IP and port into CrewLink settings. Make sure everyone in your lobby is using the same server.

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


## License

Distributed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See `LICENSE` for more information.


[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ottomated/crewlink.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/blob/master/LICENSE
[docker-shield]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/ottomated/crewlink-server
[docker-url]: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/ottomated/crewlink-server

Commit message:

Update Heroku installation instructions
The current version of CrewLink does not accept URLs if you remove the `https://` from the Heroku URL. The trailing `/` works with or without. Removed reference to manual installation instructions as that talks about server's IP and port, which may be confusing to users as a URL is provided in the previous step.

README.md, after:

[![GPL-3.0 License][license-shield]][license-url] [![Docker Pulls][docker-shield]][docker-url] 

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server">
    <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">CrewLink Server</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Voice Relay server for <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink">CrewLink</a>.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
* [Docker Quickstart](#docker-quickstart)
  * [Building the Docker Image](#building-the-docker-image)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This is the relay server for CrewLink, an Among Us proximity voice chat program. I am currently hosting a server at `https://crewl.ink/`, but if you want a more reliable option I would suggest to deploy this repository yourself.

## Environment Variables

Optional environment variables:

 - `ADDRESS`: Specifies the server domain
 - `NAME`: Specifies the server name
 - `HTTPS`: Enables https. You must place `privkey.pem` and `fullchain.pem` in your CWD.
 - `SSLPATH`: Specifies an alternate path to SSL certificates.

## Deploy to Heroku

To get up and running quickly, you can deploy to Heroku using the button below:

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

This will deploy an instance of the crewlink-server. You can get the URL of your server by using the app name that you gave when you launched the app on Heroku in the following format: 

```https://<your-app-name>.herokuapp.com/``` 

You can also find the URL of your server by going to "Settings", scrolling down to "Domains". 

Using this URL, copy your server's URL into CrewLink settings. Make sure everyone in your lobby is using the same server.

## Docker Quickstart

Run the server with [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) by running the following command:

```
docker run -d -p 9736:9736 ottomated/crewlink-server:latest
```

To change the external port the server uses, change the *first* instance of the port. For example, to use port 8123:

```
docker run -d -p 8123:9736 ottomated/crewlink-server:latest
```

### Building the Docker Image

To build your own Docker image, do the following:

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server.git
cd crewlink-server
```

2. Run the Docker build command:
```sh
docker build -t ottomated/crewlink-server:build .
```

## Manual Installation

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* yarn
```sh
npm install yarn -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server.git
cd crewlink-server
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
yarn install
```
3. Compile and run the project
```JS
yarn start
```
4. Copy your server's IP and port into CrewLink settings. Make sure everyone in your lobby is using the same server.

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


## License

Distributed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See `LICENSE` for more information.


[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ottomated/crewlink.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/ottomated/crewlink-server/blob/master/LICENSE
[docker-shield]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/ottomated/crewlink-server
[docker-url]: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/ottomated/crewlink-server
